# Emma Bradford Final Self-Assessment

I learned a lot in this project. I worked primarily on the back end of our book recommendation website. I greatly improved upon my work from last semester. Last semester I had some credit points. While I post working on it after I realized some of them were broken. I went back and fixed all of the basic reading points for the books. I created a back intensely two we could get to the unique genres be used. I also created the main get endpoint that gets the list of books based on criteria given. I have it set up so is that the information received from the front-end should be in Json data format. The data that will be sent to the front end is also in Json format. 
I also created the database. Luckily for me, I had a ready to go database with about 600 books that I keep and maintain. It's full of my own books. It's a database that I used to track the books that I own. It keeps me from buying multiples of the same book. One of the problems that I encountered that took a long time to fix that in the original database I track only one genre. This means both has only one. However, if your life. I had to cross-reference the data that I had in my database with information up from the story graph to give books more than one genre.
One of the biggest obstacles I ran into was connecting to the database which was MongoDB and connecting Postman. It's really hard to troubleshoot because often you just get an error saying it doesn't work. Getting it doesn't work error message doesn't help figure out what is actually wrong with the code. Another thing that I was unsure of how to do was to access the books database on the route website. I spent a lot of time thinking about how I would fix the problem. And then I started coding the get that gets the unique genres. I figured out relatively quickly that I had to import the correct modules. Once I figured that out, it made the whole process a lot faster.
